{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":2,"position":2,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!",""],"id":2},{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":33,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["Coffee Project Co.","User-Centric Frontend Development – Code Institute – Milestone 1","This is the website for Coffee Project Company. ","My passion for coffee led me to create this fictional company’s website, a wholesale coffee roaster, which had recently incorporated training to their services.","The website highlights three aspects of the company’s services: the variety of coffee beans they offer, their new SCA training courses and brewing guides. ","I created a basic logo on https://www.canva.com using a free icon found at https://www.iconfinder.com ","Link to icon: https://www.iconfinder.com/icons/1046681/barista_tamper_icon","Link to logo: https://document-export.canva.com/DADmhgmoll8/2/thumbnail/0001-3414094849.png","Some editing on https://www110.lunapic.com/editor/?action=contrast","Demo","A live demo can be found here.","UX","My number one goal was to make it easy to access information on the site while striving for a trendy urban industrial design. My design choice was based purely on personal preferences. I owned and managed a coffee shop for 10 years and this project somehow is a reflection of what I would have loved my business to be. ","“What Is Industrial Chic?","Industrial chic (or urban industrial as it’s sometimes called) combines utilitarian design with worn textures and the warmth of raw, aged woods. This nod to the industrial revolution is all about mixing raw materials (galvanized metal, glass, and reclaimed woods) while keeping the shapes and silhouettes relatively simple. Industrial chic is a no-nonsense style that makes use of vintage and salvaged items and is often favored by fans of “green” design. It has many things in common with the modern farmhouse style but is much edgier.","Common Elements","There are a few common elements that tend to be found in urban industrial spaces. They include, but are not limited to:","Exposed brick walls","Cement floors","Raw, unfinished materials","Sleek, metal and glass lighting","Exposed beams","Stainless steel accents","Get the Look","The key to achieving a no-frills industrial chic look is simplicity. Avoid excess furniture and accessories and keep only what’s needed. The interest and depth in the space will be found in the mix of textures and patina.","","Start with a neutral color palette (grey, white, black beige), then layer in some warm wood tones. Look for woods that have some wear and tear. Scratches, knots, and nicks will add to the authenticity of the look.","Be sure also to add plenty of metal. Whether its metal windows, railings, metal furniture, and lighting galvanized metals and steel, it will combine brilliantly with the wood.","If you have exposed beams, pipes, or brick in your space, leave them as is. Industrial chic spaces are often wide, open rooms that feature these elements.","For fun and elegant juxtaposition, add a feminine piece such as a drippy, crystal chandelier to an urban industrial space.","If a whole room isn’t for you, try incorporating a few pieces. A reclaimed wood coffee table or a set of galvanized metal dining chairs can add an element of industrial chic.”","[Extract from https://www.thespruce.com/industrial-chic-style-2213412]","Regarding the colour palette, I used the image to colour generator from https://www.schemecolor.com (based on a small analysis of some sample industrial design images found online.",""]}],[{"start":{"row":33,"column":0},"end":{"row":34,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":3}],[{"start":{"row":34,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["For prospective customers and baristas alike, I wanted to provide them with a brief overview of what the Coffee Project Co. does and how, as well as with the option to get in contact should they require more information/schedule a meeting with a sales representative.","Links to the SCA website, my GitHub and downloadable PDF versions of some brewing techniques were also provided for their ease of access.","Technologies","1.\tHTML","2.\tCSS","3.\tBootstrap (4.0.0)",""],"id":4}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":40,"column":0},"end":{"row":40,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1569454771655,"hash":"71ed4b66c6ba9a1b459da5c6c919f9da9ff4619f"}